[WIP] Terraform Docs for TF policy (#2690)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-policy/v0.1.x (beta)/docs/policy/write/index.mdx

---

> page_title: Write Terraform policies

Author: ```suggestion
page_title: Set up your Terraform policy project
```

description: >-
  Learn how to organize and structure your Terraform policy projects.
---

# Write Terraform policies

Write and test your Terraform policies on your local machine, and then commit them to version control to use them with HCP Terraform.

@include "partials/beta.mdx"

> This section provides guidance on organizing your Terraform policy projects and writing policies, tests, and plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Set up your Terraform policy project

This section provides guidance on organizing your Terraform policy projects and writing policies, tests, and plugins.

@include "partials/beta.mdx"
```
What do you think about this title? We need something to more accurately reflect the content. "Organize your Terraform policy files"? Whichever direction, remember to update the `page_title`.

## Policy files

Terraform policy evaluates policies in files with the `.policy.hcl` file extension. You can create policy files in any directory, passing your policy file path to `tfpolicy` when validating or testing policies. Unlike Terraform, Terraform policy evaluates each policy file in a given directory separately. Refer to [Write policies](/terraform/policy/write/policies) to learn how to write policy files.

## Version control

> In order for HCP Terraform to evaluate your policies when provisioning infrastructure, you must host your policy files in a Version Control System (VCS) repository that you will connect to HCP Terraform. Refer to [VCS Setup for Terraform policy](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/policy-enforcement/terraform-policy-vcs) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure HCP Terraform to evaluate your policies when provisioning infrastructure. To do so, you must host your policy files in a version control system (VCS) repository connected to HCP Terraform. Refer to [VCS Setup for Terraform policy](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/policy-enforcement/terraform-policy-vcs) for more information.
```

---
page_title: Write policies
description: >-
  Learn how to write Terraform policies using Terraform policy's HCL-based configuration language.
---

# Write policies

Write and test your Terraform policies on your local machine, and then commit them to version control to use them with HCP Terraform.

## Policy files

Terraform policy evaluates policies in files with the `.policy.hcl` file extension. You can create policy files in any directory, passing your policy file path to `tfpolicy` when validating or testing policies. Unlike Terraform, Terraform policy evaluates each policy file in a given directory separately.

### Version control

In order for HCP Terraform to evaluate your policies when provisioning infrastructure, you must host your policy files in a Version Control System (VCS) repository that you will connect to HCP Terraform. Refer to [VCS Setup for Terraform policy](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/policy-enforcement/terraform-policy-vcs) for more information.

### Directory structure

> FIXME: Is this a recommendation, or a requirement?

Reviewer 2: Recommendation. The only requirement is that the customer set the paths correctly when testing locally, and also set the path appropriately when creating the VCS policy set.

Author: I've updated the guidance both here and in the HCP Terraform docs. This led to a bit of duplication, but I think that's ok because this is something a user should know before they get ready to deploy to HCP-Terraform, so I want to get it in front of them as early as possible, but also include it in-context in the HCP-Terraform docs.

### Policy blocks

Terraform policy's configuration language defines blocks to allow you to write policies for Terraform providers, resources, and modules. Refer to the following for more information:

- To write policies for Terraform providers, refer to [Policy blocks - The `provider_policy {}` block](/terraform/policy/write/policy-blocks#the-provider_policy--block).
- To write policies for Terraform resources, refer to [Policy blocks - The `resource_policy {}` block](/terraform/policy/write/policy-blocks#the-resource_policy--block).
- To write policies for Terraform modules, refer to [Policy blocks - The `module_policy {}` block](/terraform/policy/write/policy-blocks#the-module_policy--block).

### Attributes

Like Terraform configuration, policy blocks contain attributes that allow you to define which Terraform the attributes your policy will validate and meta-arguments to configure the policy itself. Refer to [Attributes and meta-arguments](/terraform/policy/write/attributes) for more information.

### Operators

> Terraform policy supports most (FIXME: All?) Terraform operators. Refer to [Operators and conditionals](/terraform/policy/write/operators) for more information.

Reviewer 2: create, update, delete
